The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Would you fight now? What.
I know? No, there's nobody listening to what I'm saying.
I know, but like not one of those guys, that's some of the celebrity.
Too many people that are having real problems with their head. Yes.
A lot of fighters like post-career are having real struggles. It's not,
it's no joke, man. You gotta know when to stop and head injuries. Are.
That headgear?
That's worse. Well, head gear doesn't help.
Headgear makes your head like a bigger target. It's easier to hit.
And then also when you get hit, it acts like it's unnatural.
Fulcrum all its weight on your head. Yeah.
I think you're pro the thing about it is you're trying to avoid cuts.
That's what head gear is good for. It's good for you avoiding cuts,
but you can get up with a punch or a kick wearing headgear big gloves.
Help a little bit. Yeah. The gloves still get your brains. Rattled.
AAA are talking about having a fight, but he won't fight.
Me. No, don't get your brains rattled.
Dude. It won't be me. I guess he's worried about himself.
About.
Hurting himself. Yeah. Getting hurt. Yeah. And his mom's worried about it.
Too. What are you trying to say?
You're trying to talk says his mom's worried about.
Him. That mom loves him. He's worried about her.
I'm going to them up. Is that what you're saying?
Yeah. I think that's overall likes run away from the fight. Yeah. If I had,
if I had against.
I was trying to figure.
Out what's going on and trying to find him. You won't find me.
Why do you want to find them? You guys work together now.
I know, but he's talking about this fight forever and he won't fight me forever.
Yeah. He would do this. I know you would know for sure.
Do you think you would fight higher sober?
I probably alright. Probably highs. I don't know.
Maybe I trained high all the time with Eddie. He encouraged it. Yeah.
Always. It's great. Would you? Um.
I might show mercy if I was high, that'd be a negative bare.
Bare knuckle each tank.
I was not thinking about that. I was thinking the big gloves, but that's Debbie.
One way to go. I don't think bare knuckle now.
Bare knuckle open hand.
Like combat fight. That's.
A good way to get poked in the eye. Trust me.
She Lewis and break his hand. Slapped fighting. Jay. Did he really?
He broke his fix though. I think so when he hit it right.
That a giant head.
Real hard.
He's got a super wide. Yeah. He's got big bones at J.
Yeah. How was losing those gangs? You went on.
We were so high though, dude. And it was the day after sober. October was over,
uh, Blitzkrieg and they kept rolling blunts and pass them around. And I was,
and I had pronounced some rush names two hours later, you know? Cause yeah,
you do the way and it's two hours later. So this is them slap,
fighting Jeremiah. Oh, him and Jeremiah. That's when he brought this.
Oh JAMA, just Jeremiah just lit him up.
Jeremiah changed stance. He knows how to use that.
There's a block too. He goes backhanded. Oh he's toying with them.
Dude. Jeremiah slapped him like, oh.
Louis. When he faked boxes, he touches. You hit your way.
To learn a box.
From Catholic school. I think to Kansas somewhere. Yeah, for real,
I don't hit a slap cattle on the
outclass by this 130 pounder.
Oh that's a good angle to, this is a slap Thompson.
This is a real slap fight. This is a real slap fight. Yeah.
This isn't like some guys playing silly.
[inaudible] No.
Wow. You know he's not knocked out, but you got to up Gomez cracked. Oh,
that's a kind of fighting. They got your dad stabbed to death.
The region of skank slap-boxing oh my God. Let me tell you something.
You can get Kao and slap boxing. Don't get confused. Look at him.
He just had a fight that was like a fight fight.
Flew out for this. He flew out.
For a slap. I mean they had some of the shamans this round too.
Are they going to brown too?
I didn't know what, like.
This keep going please. What are you doing? Why are you shutting this off?
Let it roll. Oh my God.
This,
I mean, Louis is so serious right now.
Well, what Jeremiah is doing, let me tell you what to doing.
What he's doing is he's waiting.
He's putting his hand out to his PI and Lewis throws. These combinations.
Jeremiah is waiting, watching him.
He's catching him as he was coming in comparison.
To Anderson silver a little bit, a little bit. The way.
He's like Baytown counter fighting guys, counter fighting.
And he's also very smart with his defense and Louis got a little feel for that.
Right-hand a little worried about that right hand. He doesn't want it.
That thing's coming down. It's a good, he's got a good reach. Tack keeps.
Blocking on the side of the Jeremiah is not touching, but.
Oh.
Oh Lewis. Can't help. But want to close his fist? Yeah.
Again, real close. Jeremiah is circling. That's a good move as well.
But Lewis is closed. The distance. He looks very angry. He's serious.
He's going back to his room, sir.
Ooh, Claremont.
Oh, he's getting very aggressive. Jeremiah might be losing steam. Oh,
he's taken big reaches to the ground over rounds over.
There's another round after this.
Jeremiah doing this. Gotta be a one more.
Keep it moving. Please. Let's see the next round they go for.
And it goes on for the seven minute. Oh my God. So they just kept doing rounds.
Look, he's got his back turned and. This is hilarious.
These guys are, I'm so glad these guys are alive. They're so ridiculous.
Yeah. They're they're pushing wild comedy.
I would go as far as I go on they Jessica, of course not.
It's just such an open environment for doing.
It's also in support of like, like I said, wild comedy.
Like you need that.
Need that you need it's.
People gathering, bounce things out. Obviously people love it. Oh.
Jeremiah. It's so Lakey.
He's taking away long swings.
Louis is relaxing a little bit more now and he's starting to use some technique.
That was some nonsense right there.
It looked like he just punched him in the stone.
As he looks at his closing his.
Fist all the time. He smacked him hard in the head with that right hand.
I have people get haven't slept Jeremiah.
Yeah. You can slap. I mean you could jail. Oh Lewis just smacked him. Oh,
he went to the body with a punch dude. He's.
Punching.
It seems like he's is he slapping.
Punching to the body? He can't help it. He's an oath. He's uneducated,
which has a lot of his problems. He thinks he doesn't have a concept yet.
Would you recommend to him? What, what books would you recommend?
[Inaudible].
Up with that right hand, dude. He got lit up. He.
Got lit up. Oh my God.
He's trying.
Hard to come. Or as the route is over at Lewis is still punching on the trash.
Oh.
Wow. Is that it?
I mean he won that fight. He's on, he's got Jeremiah in his heels, Jeremiah.
Well, the first round, second round, I say it was a wash.
Move. Definitely not. I didn't judge it.
No people are saying one more round. Okay. What does it say?
Jeremiah takes it. Wow. I can see it.
There's all who run too.
Wow. Well listen. He did crack him.
With some all based on round two. And that was the closed shot.
Looking at Jeremiah slapbox and people that looks painful as.
Like his face is raw. Oh.
My God. They.
Might have to have a rematch. Listen,
let me tell you something about slapping people in the face.
Slap me with the face is open hands, open hands, hitting your eyeball.
You going to scratch your eyes and you're gonna have a real eye injury.
I'm not saying, I'm not saying don't do that. You do whatever you want.
But I want you to know that open hand, slapping and reaching like that.
You just ask as someone who's seen probably 500 people get poked in the eye
up close. You're going to get poked.
In the eye. A great, that is the best way to incapacitate someone. Don't do it.
Though. And what.
Don't do that?
No, don't do that.
If you need to win, he used this, like I like your technique.
Block goggles there's is little slits.
On your eyes. That's a good way to get those things whacked off. Growing.
Your nails out to.
Maybe if you had some eye goggles, like legit little welding goggles or some,
some school goggles. There you go. But that would be,
it would almost be worse for you because it will with your peripheral.
If you didn't get used to slapping people.
When you have things on this one thing I always hated about headgear.
You put them on you can't see things here in here. Good.
Your window of your field of view gets narrowed. Yeah.
It becomes a problem. When you get close,
you don't see where punches are coming. You don't see what's headgear.
You don't see what checks are coming. You don't see things coming.
So I would think that would be the same thing with those goggles.
Swimmers goggles, I think.
With your peripheral. All those things would with your peripheral. Yeah.
No way you don't see anything coming. Okay. But.
Unless you trained with them on, if you trained with them on,
maybe you could do it, but also.
It used to, but it still cuts you down.
You could also just touch your goggles with their face and they would get their
sweat all over your goggles and then you wouldn't be able to see as good.
Another.
Good technique. Yeah. They're both.
Wearing goggles. So, so it's fair. But they would both do that. It would you up.
You wouldn't be able to see that. Good.
But when you see what what's in front of you let's just fight.
Let's just cut the and put some gloves on and fight that.
If we're going to slap fight, let's just, let's just fight.
I want to be able to take you down strangling you.
This is nonsense for salmon in the eye and smear smear in each other's.
Got anything we've been in a just straight jujitsu fight between you and Louis.
Cause he thinks him.
That's hilarious.
He's watched over a hundred UFC fights.
He's a big fellow though. He is so fat. Probably get good at it. Yeah.
He's a big tough.
He could lay on you the way.
Three 30. He's lost a.
Little load. That's a.
Lot. He's also over 20 pounds.
No, he's not that big.
I don't think he's back. He's ballooned.
He trying to start a fight with him. No, I'm not. I'm just.
Saying he has balloon.